docs: quick start docs of GreptimeCloud (#510)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/greptimecloud/getting-started/quick-start/python.md

> Run the following command with Python 3.10+ to collect system metric data, such as CPU and memory usage, and sends it to GreptimeCloud. Once sent successfully, the metrics can be viewed on the GreptimeCloud dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command with Python 3.10+ to collect system metric data, such as CPU and memory usage, and send them to GreptimeCloud. Once sent successfully, the metrics can be viewed on the GreptimeCloud dashboard.
```
